core: add ceph daemon command support (#279)
rook/kubectl-rook-ceph: README.md

    kubectl rook-ceph --context=$(kubectl config current-context) mons
    ```

### Commands

- `ceph <args>` : Run a Ceph CLI command. Supports any arguments the `ceph` command supports. See [Ceph docs](https://docs.ceph.com/en/pacific/start/intro/) for more.

> - `ceph daemon <cephDaemon.id> <args>`: Run a Ceph daemon command connecting to the admin-socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ceph daemon <daemon.id> <args>`: Run a Ceph daemon command by connecting to its admin socket.
```
